lance converter script for any image dataset (#6)
lancedb/lance-deeplearning-recipes: converters/lance-image-dataset-converter/README.md

## Convert any Image dataset to Lance

### Overview

> The `convert-any-image-dataset-to-lance.py` script serves as a versatile tool for transforming any Image Dataset into the Lance format, enabling seamless integration and analysis. It provides a straightforward solution for converting diverse image datasets into a standardized format for enhanced compatibility and ease of use.

Reviewer: Please avoid using AI text-generation tools to write READMEs, etc.

To effortlessly convert your image dataset into Lance format, simply execute the following command in your terminal:

```python
python convert-any-image-dataset-to-lance.py --dataset /path/to/your/image_dataset_folder
```

> This command will seamlessly generate separate Lance files for your training, testing, and validation data. You have the flexibility to tailor the schema and specify which subsets (training, testing, validation) should be included in the Lance files. Even if you possess only one subset (e.g., only training data), you can conveniently indicate which subset(s) you wish to incorporate.

Reviewer: This one too.

@vipul-maheshwari, can you please rewrite this paragraph and the one above it? Thanks.

For starters and effortless access to pre-formatted CINIC-10 and mini-ImageNet datasets in Lance format, you can refer to the following Lance Image Dataset links:

CINIC-10 Dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/vipulmaheshwarii/cinic-10-lance-dataset

mini-ImageNet Dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/vipulmaheshwarii/mini-imagenet-lance-dataset

### Code and Blog

> If you really want to understand the gist of how we are converting an Image Dataset to it's Lance format, refer to the following blog  and referenced colab explaining each step in detail. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to understand the process of converting an image dataset to Lance format, please refer to the following blog and it's corresponding Google Colab notebook.
```

## Convert any Image dataset to Lance

### Overview
The `convert-any-image-dataset-to-lance.py` script can be used for transforming any Image Dataset into the Lance format. It provides a straightforward solution for converting diverse image datasets into a standardized Lance format. 

To effortlessly convert your image dataset into Lance format, simply execute the following command in your terminal:

```python
python3 convert-any-image-dataset-to-lance.py --batch_size 10 --dataset image_dataset_folder
```

This command will seamlessly generate separate Lance files for your training, testing, and validation data. You have the flexibility to change the schema and specify which subsets (training, testing, validation) should be included in the Lance files. Even if you have only one subset (e.g., only training data), you can conveniently indicate which subset(s) you wish to incorporate by changing the variables. 

Ensure that you follow a structured hierarchy within your image dataset folder, with the option to utilize either PNG, JPEG, or JPG formats images. 

```python
image_dataset_folder
│

> ├── training

Reviewer: Names in the directory structure should be consistent with the names you expect ['train', 'test', 'val'].
